index.md, before:

# Software Bill of Materials (SBoM) By example
This project is creating a Software Bill of Materials (SBOM)
for a nerves project running on a Raspberry Pi.

It starts with some SBOM background (mainly referring to elsewhere);
gives some some simple C, python, and elixir SBOM examples;
and then builds thru several phases a fairly sophisticated
IoT device SBOM.
The phases include both increasing complexity of the device software,
and showing various issues with building SBOMs.

Add annotated Table of Contents here

- [1. What is an SBOM? Why would I have one?](#fix)
- [2. "Hello World"](#fix)
   * [2.1 C "Hello World"](#fix)
   * [2.2 Python "Hello World"](#fix)
   * [2.3 Elixir "Hello World"](#fix)
- [3. Elixir Blinky](#fix)
   * [3.1 Base Elixir Blinky 0-hop](#fix)
   * [3.2 Base Elixir Blinky 1-hop](#fix)
   * [3.3 Add LED Matrix](#fix)
   * [3.4 Add MQTT OpenC2](#fix)
   * [3.5 Replace MQTT with HTTP API (no HTML)](#fix)
   * [3.6 Add HTML webserver with javascript](#fix)
- [4. Add in more SBOM hops](#fix)
   * [4.1 on raspberry pi - nerves OS](#fix)
   * [4.2 on cloud - docker image, debian linux OS](#fix)
- [5. Wrap up](fix)



# 1. What is an SBOM? Why would I have one?
blah blah, link to
[SBOM background material](SbomBackground.md)

# 2. "Hello World"
blah blah

## 2.1 C "Hello World"
There is a repo,
add link to sbe_c1

build blah blah

make release blah blah

sbom at blah blah

## 2.2 Python "Hello World"
blah blah about python, interpeter, pyc

There is a repo,
add link to sbe_p1

run interactively blah blah

compile .pyc blah blah

make (github, not executable) release blah blah

sbom at blah blah

## 2.3 Elixir "Hello World"
blah blah about Elixir, interpeter, beam vm with .beam "binaries"
which are not executables (as executable in section blah)
Package managers (eg HEX - add link)
and build systems (eg Mix - add link) use machine independent
.beam files.
Link to issues with interpreter, vm code, executables in later sections

There is a repo,
add link to sbe_e1

build blah blah

make release blah blah

sbom at blah blah


# 3. Elixir Blinky
blah blah

## 3.1 Base Elixir Blinky 0-hop
blah blah

## 3.2 Base Elixir Blinky 1-hop
blah blah

## 3.3 Add LED Matrix
blah blah

## 3.4 Add MQTT OpenC2
add in tortoise API server, and OpenC2 MQTT API

## 3.5 Replace MQTT with HTTP API (no HTML)

## 3.6 Add HTML webserver with javascript
note explosion of SBOM

# 4. Add in more SBOM hops
## 4.1 on raspberry pi - nerves OS
## 4.2 on cloud - docker image, debian linux OS

# Cruft to clean up later
<ul>
  <li><a href="SbomBackground.html">SBOM Background</a> information </li>
  <li><a href="blinky_how_to.html">how to</a> make the basic blinky </li>
  <li>how to make the sbom for the basic blinky</li>
  <li>how to add networking</li>
  <li>how to add phoenix api server</li>
  <li>how to add openc2</li>
</ul>

<p>Table of Contents
<ul>
<li> <a href="https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openc2-usecases/tree/master/Cybercom-Plugfest">OpenC2 CYBERCOM Plugfest/Hackathon page</a>  </li>
<li>  Link to my HEX sbom package page  </li>
<li>  <a href="blinky_how_to.html">blinky how to</a>  </li>
<li>  Link to my Blinky SBoM page  </li>
<li>  Link to my other sboms page  </li>
<li>  <a href="blinky_pkglist.txt">blinky_pkglist.txt</a>  </li>
</ul>

Commit message:

link to elixir hello world

index.md, after:

# Software Bill of Materials (SBoM) By example
This project is creating a Software Bill of Materials (SBOM)
for a nerves project running on a Raspberry Pi.

It starts with some SBOM background (mainly referring to elsewhere);
gives some some simple C, python, and elixir SBOM examples;
and then builds thru several phases a fairly sophisticated
IoT device SBOM.
The phases include both increasing complexity of the device software,
and showing various issues with building SBOMs.

Add annotated Table of Contents here

- [1. What is an SBOM? Why would I have one?](#fix)
- [2. "Hello World"](#fix)
   * [2.1 C "Hello World"](#fix)
   * [2.2 Python "Hello World"](#fix)
   * [2.3 Elixir "Hello World"](#fix)
- [3. Elixir Blinky](#fix)
   * [3.1 Base Elixir Blinky 0-hop](#fix)
   * [3.2 Base Elixir Blinky 1-hop](#fix)
   * [3.3 Add LED Matrix](#fix)
   * [3.4 Add MQTT OpenC2](#fix)
   * [3.5 Replace MQTT with HTTP API (no HTML)](#fix)
   * [3.6 Add HTML webserver with javascript](#fix)
- [4. Add in more SBOM hops](#fix)
   * [4.1 on raspberry pi - nerves OS](#fix)
   * [4.2 on cloud - docker image, debian linux OS](#fix)
- [5. Wrap up](fix)



# 1. What is an SBOM? Why would I have one?
blah blah, link to
[SBOM background material](SbomBackground.md)

# 2. "Hello World"
blah blah

## 2.1 C "Hello World"
There is a repo,
add link to sbe_c1

add some hello world history

add pic of signed first edition book and screen shot of hello world page

build blah blah

make release blah blah

sbom at blah blah

## 2.2 Python "Hello World"
blah blah about python, interpeter, pyc

There is a repo,
add link to sbe_p1

run interactively blah blah

compile .pyc blah blah

make (github, not executable) release blah blah

sbom at blah blah

## 2.3 Elixir "Hello World"
blah blah about Elixir, interpeter, beam vm with .beam "binaries"
which are not executables (as executable in section blah)
Package managers (eg HEX - add link)
and build systems (eg Mix - add link) use machine independent
.beam files.
Link to issues with interpreter, vm code, executables in later sections

There is a repo,
add link to https://github.com/sparrell/SBE-HelloWorld-elixir



build blah blah

make release blah blah

sbom at blah blah


# 3. Elixir Blinky
blah blah

## 3.1 Base Elixir Blinky 0-hop
blah blah

## 3.2 Base Elixir Blinky 1-hop
blah blah

## 3.3 Add LED Matrix
blah blah

## 3.4 Add MQTT OpenC2
add in tortoise API server, and OpenC2 MQTT API

## 3.5 Replace MQTT with HTTP API (no HTML)

## 3.6 Add HTML webserver with javascript
note explosion of SBOM

# 4. Add in more SBOM hops
## 4.1 on raspberry pi - nerves OS
## 4.2 on cloud - docker image, debian linux OS

# Cruft to clean up later
<ul>
  <li><a href="SbomBackground.html">SBOM Background</a> information </li>
  <li><a href="blinky_how_to.html">how to</a> make the basic blinky </li>
  <li>how to make the sbom for the basic blinky</li>
  <li>how to add networking</li>
  <li>how to add phoenix api server</li>
  <li>how to add openc2</li>
</ul>

<p>Table of Contents
<ul>
<li> <a href="https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openc2-usecases/tree/master/Cybercom-Plugfest">OpenC2 CYBERCOM Plugfest/Hackathon page</a>  </li>
<li>  Link to my HEX sbom package page  </li>
<li>  <a href="blinky_how_to.html">blinky how to</a>  </li>
<li>  Link to my Blinky SBoM page  </li>
<li>  Link to my other sboms page  </li>
<li>  <a href="blinky_pkglist.txt">blinky_pkglist.txt</a>  </li>
</ul>
